Junior Developer Resume

Svetlana Klimova email: sveta@sveta.sveta, phone: 0-000-000-00-00

I love web development and want to do it for a job. It all started as a hobby.
Doing various online courses and code katas I eventually realised that I would
like to do it full time. So, I started looking at job openings and see what gaps
did I have in my knowledge.

Also, having more than 5 years of experience as a QA Engineer I have quite a lot
of experience with the software development life cycle, agile practices and
working in a team. Thanks to my previous job, I deeply understand what quality
and customer focus means.

I think I chose that job because I like solving puzzles, getting to the bottom
of the bug and understanding its root cause. What I didn't know is that
programming puzzles are much more fun to solve. One the social side, I like
travelling and socks with funny patterns. :)

SKILLS: HTML, CSS, Sass, Bootstrap, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, React Native,
Redux, D3, Chai, Git, SQL, MongoDB, NodeJS, Python

CODE EXAMPLES: Last project commit:
https://github.com/randomSveta/my-website/commit/132b08cf8dae0300f13409156de9b6ea7cc16277

https://github.com/randomSveta/my-website/blob/master/src/components/pages/projects-history/projects-table/ProjectsHistoryTable.js

EXPERIENCE and EDUCATION: GitHub - https://github.com/randomSveta Website -
https://randomsveta.github.io/my-website/ Codepen -
https://codepen.io/randomSveta/ FreeCodeCamp -
https://www.freecodecamp.org/randomsveta Codewars -
https://www.codewars.com/users/randomsveta

COURSES AND CERTIFICATION Web Development: Front-End Web UI Frameworks and
Tools: Bootstrap 4 Front-End Web Development with React Multiplatform Mobile App
Development with React Native Server-side Development with NodeJS, Express and
MongoDB

Graphic Design: Fundamentals of Graphic Design: Introduction to Typography
Introduction to Imagemaking Ideas from the History of Graphic Design

Software Testing: I STQB Foundation level, Krakow, 2018 (the certificate is
available upon request)

ISTQB Foundation level Agile Tester Extension, Krakow, 2018 (the certificate is
available upon request)

Software Quality Assurance and Testing, online at qatutor.com, 2018 Certificate

Yandex Testing School, Moscow, 2014

Have English IELTS sertificate from 2018 (level B1). Also, worked as QA Engeneer
in EPAM Krakow.
